Add template vacuum segments configuration variables and example (#45079)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/template.markdown

      description: "Defines a template to get the battery level of the vacuum. Legal values are numbers between `0` and `100`."
      required: false
      type: template
    clean_area:

>       description: Defines an action to run when the vacuum is given a clean area command. The action receives the variable `segment_ids` containing the list of selected area segment IDs. Requires `unique_id` and `segments_template`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Defines an action to run when the vacuum is given a clean area command. The action receives the `segment_ids` variable, which contains the list of selected area segment IDs. Requires `unique_id` and `segments_template`.
```
